# RFBCodeworks.DatabaseObjects
## About
This library contains several objects that mean to represent Database and Tables, and how they can be interacted with. All the queries are generated dynamically via the SqlKata query compiler, and run using DbCommands. 

Unlike dapper and SqlKata.Execution, which maps the query result to a DTO, this library returns raw values/DataTables/DataRows from the database. Since the objects themselves use SqlKata to generate the queries, this should be easily combined with usage of SqlKata.Execution.

## Interfaces
- IDatabase -- Represents the concrete form of the AbstractDatabase class
- IDatabaseTable -- Defines the methods to interact with Database tables
- IPrimaryKeyTable -- Extends IDatabaseTable with methods to interact using a given primary key value
- ICompositeKeyTable -- Extends IDatabaseTable for tables with a composite key

## Core Classes
- DBOps (static)
	- Contains the logic and static methods to interact with a DBConnection
- DBCommands (static)
	- Several methods to create/interact with DBCommands
- AbstractDatabase
	- Base class that defines interactions with a database, and runs the commands generated by the associated DatabaseTable objects
	- Contains a reference to the SqlKata.Compiler that is used to compile the query, then run it
- DatabaseTable
	- Base class all other *Table classes are derived from. Contains the base logic and implements IDatabaseTable
- PrimaryKeyTable (Derived from DatabaseTable)
	- Introduces the 'PrimaryKey' property to define the name of the primary key column.
	- Introduces several methods to interact with the primary key column.
- CompositeKeyTable (Derived from DatabaseTable)
	- Introduces properties and methods to interact with a composite key table.

## Required Libraries
- SqlKata
- RFBCodeworks.SqlKata.Extensions